README.md, before:

# Tic Tac Toe

Tic Tac Toe is a game for 2 players.  You can play against the computer or another human person.  The aim of this project is to have functionality
similar to https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/KzXQgy/.

## UX

Tic Tac Toe is a game for 2 players.  Each player marks a symbol (e.g. X) in one of the nine squares.  Play continues until one player
has three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically) or when the board is full.
The winner is the first player to have three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically).  You can play against the computer or with another human player.  If you decide to play against the computer you can choose X or O.

### Getting Started

Decide how you would like to play.  You can play against the computer or another human player.  If you select One Player, you can choose X or O.  If you make a mistake, select the button with the left arrow and start again.  If you choose against a human player, the first player can choose X or O.  Each player marks the symbol (e.g. X) in one of the nine squares.  Play continues until one player has three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically) or when the board is full.  The winner is the first player to have three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically).  If the board is full and no player has three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically), the game is a draw.  You can reset at any time, even before the outcome of the game.  This is useful in an emergency.

### User Stories

As a user, I can play a game of Tic Tac Toe with the computer.

As a user, my game will reset as soon as it is over so I can play again.

As a user, I can choose whether I want to play as X or O.

## Features

You can play against the computer or with another human player.  If you play against the computer, you can choose X or O.  You can reset at any time, even before the outcome of the game.  This is useful in an emergency.

## Technologies

Uses HTML5, CSS3, Font Awesome 5.15.3, Google Fonts, jQuery 3.6.0 and JavaScript.

## Credits

### Content

Taken from FreeCodeCamp

### Acknowledgements

- [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org)
- [w3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com)

Commit message:

Added information architecture at README.md

README.md, after:

# Tic Tac Toe

Tic Tac Toe is a game for 2 players.  You can play against the computer or another human person.  The aim of this project is to have functionality
similar to https://codepen.io/freeCodeCamp/full/KzXQgy/.

## UX

Tic Tac Toe is a game for 2 players.  Each player marks a symbol (e.g. X) in one of the nine squares.  Play continues until one player
has three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically) or when the board is full.
The winner is the first player to have three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically).  You can play against the computer or with another human player.  If you decide to play against the computer you can choose X or O.

### Getting Started

Decide how you would like to play.  You can play against the computer or another human player.  If you select One Player, you can choose X or O.  If you make a mistake, select the button with the left arrow and start again.  If you choose against a human player, the first player can choose X or O.  Each player marks the symbol (e.g. X) in one of the nine squares.  Play continues until one player has three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically) or when the board is full.  The winner is the first player to have three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically).  If the board is full and no player has three of his/her symbols in a row (diagonally, horizontally or vertically), the game is a draw.  You can reset at any time, even before the outcome of the game.  This is useful in an emergency.

### User Stories

As a user, I can play a game of Tic Tac Toe with the computer.

As a user, my game will reset as soon as it is over so I can play again.

As a user, I can choose whether I want to play as X or O.

### Information Architecture

The board is an object.  It has the keys of 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 and 9.  Its values are '','O' and 'X'. 

## Features

You can play against the computer or with another human player.  If you play against the computer, you can choose X or O.  You can reset at any time, even before the outcome of the game.  This is useful in an emergency.

## Technologies

Uses HTML5, CSS3, Font Awesome 5.15.3, Google Fonts, jQuery 3.6.0 and JavaScript.

## Credits

### Content

Taken from FreeCodeCamp

### Acknowledgements

- [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org)
- [w3Schools](https://www.w3schools.com)
